It's about that time.
So far, we've built the entire focus time app.
But now it's time for us to go and actually look at how to take focus time outside of the snack environment
and run it locally on our computer.
Now, don't be afraid.
This is a complicated process, but we're going to break it down step by step.
And by the end of this, you'll be running the expo app locally on your computer.
And that is what we're trying to accomplish here, being able to run focus time locally.
OK, so first off, here we are in XPO on the snack interface, and what we want to do is we want to
go and open up our focus time snack that we've been building so far.
And once we've opened that up, if we go over here to the project section, the first thing we need
to do is we need to say export project.
And when we export project, it's going to say, hey, do you want to allow downloading from snack that
at least it does this in Safari, in other browsers that may just automatically download.
We're going to say allow.
And so with that, where we're going to get is the focus time folder.
Now, this contains all of the files that you require to run focus time locally.
OK, so what have we done so far, we've gone our snack, we've exported it, and we now have all of
the files of the code that we made.
We built it locally, right?
We exported it.
And we have it locally now.
OK, so what do we do from here?
Well, let's get into that step by step.